Again,
you might have to try and leave and come
back.
Unfortunately.
Can everybody else see it?
Just give me a thumbs up because I see a
lot of people can, but can you OK.
Oh, that was a lot of thumbs up in one go,
OK?
Well, fantastic. Thank you.
Like I've never seen so many thumbs up in
one go in a meeting that was quite
exciting.
OK, if you're having trouble seeing it,
maybe try.
Leaving it coming back or yeah.
Otherwise,
maybe just stay in the meeting for now.
If you want to and then.
OK,
you can see it through your phone and not
your PC, OK?
So it might be something to do with your
settings or your network or something
along those lines.
OK.
So welcome everybody.
It's so nice to again see so many people
joining today.
Very exciting and I hope you have all
been having a good week so far and that
the Semester is going OK so far.
I know a lot of people are panicking
about the assessment and just about.
Philosophy in general,
and like I said in the last meeting,
philosophy is it's different.
It's a different kind of text.
It's a different way of reading and
thinking than you're probably used to,
so please don't panic too much.
You will hopefully sort of get used to it
as you're going through as you're reading
more.
And also just use different resources
because sometimes some people learn
better using different kinds of resources.
If, for example,
you are struggling with understanding
what's in the study guide,
there are so many very good videos on
YouTube that breakdown these complex
concepts into quite simple explanations.
And obviously you know,
those are resources that are available to
you.
So go and do your own research.
Go look and see what you can find.
That will help you look for different
kinds of texts.
Look for different kinds of blogs.
Anything that's going to help you
understand better.
Just remember that when it comes to
including evidence in your assignments,
it must be credible.
Academic evidence.
So while I suggest you go and watch
videos and you can read blogs you can
read.
Whatever you can find that helps you
understand when you are using the
information in your assignment,
you must make sure that it is from
credible academic sources.
So use those online databases.
I put the video.
Online for you if you haven't watched it
yet.
Please some people. OK,
let me just mute all in case.
OK.
Please make sure that you go and watch
that video if you don't know how to use
the online databases yet.
Hopefully those of you who have watched
it already found it helpful.
I know it was about half an hour,
but I wanted to make sure that you fully
understood how to use it and could play
around on it, not just for this module.
But for all your modules,
so please use resources available to you
and don't just panic because you don't
understand what's in the study guide.
There are lots of resources that you can
use that try that will hopefully help you
to understand a bit better.
So in today's session I'm just going to
be going over some of the content that
might help you to answer questions one
and question 2 for assessment one.
Next week.
I know it's the day before your
assignment is due,
but we're going to look at question 3.
So what I suggest is that by the time we
get to next Wednesday,
you have question one and two complete
and finished and happy you're happy with
it to submit and that you've started
working on Question 3.
So make sure you've done the reading for
Question 3.
Make sure you've started coming up with
your answers so that when we do the
session.
You can just go back and check if there's
any.
Thing you need to add or anything you
need to change.
And you think extra that's come up while
we were doing the session so that you
don't have to then rush to try and finish
it by the next day.
So that's my suggestion for you.
We're not going to approach this semester
quite this way,
but I've seen on the the WhatsApp group
and from the emails and on the platform
that there is quite a lot of stress and I
don't want you to stress so much so.
We're going to do that today.
So we're going to look at question one
and then we're going to look at Question
2.
Then you can ask questions.
I do want to keep this within an hour
because I know you have a lot going on
and you need to work on the assignment
and everybody's busy and you've got other
classes.
So we're going to try and keep it so that
we end by 11. Obviously,
if there are any other questions that you
have, you're welcome to e-mail them to me.
Put them on the PLS 1501 site.
It's great to see that a lot of you are
what's also great to see is on the
WhatsApp group that you're all helping
each other and giving each other advice
and suggestions. That is fantastic.
I'm so glad to see that.
So thank you to everybody for engaging
with each other for helping each other
and for trying to help everyone else be
successful as well in the module.
So because we're focusing.
On the questions that you have for the
assessment, I'm not going to go into.
Detail about units one and two.
We're going to look at what would most
likely be the most useful information to
help you answer the assessments questions.
I'm also not going to go over everything
that's in your study guide.
The study guide is there for you to read
and hopefully after the lesson,
if you go back and read.
You might feel a little bit more
comfortable with it as well.
So I'm definitely not going over the
study guards information.
We're going to look at very summarized
version of those two sections of the
study guide that will be important for
right now.
So.
You might still have questions about
units one and two,
but we will also come back to those after
the assessment is submitted and you're
feeling a bit less panicked.
OK so.
The first question is.
Related to African philosophy.
So the question asks you is the continued
dominance of Western philosophy in an
African country something ethically
desirable and sustainable? In your answer,
you must consider the potential benefits
and drawbacks of prioritising Western
philosophical thought.
In this context,
so the first thing I want to do is
breakdown this question so you will see
I've highlighted some words here and the
oops, sorry.
Dominance of Western philosophy.
Let's see dominance of Western philosophy.
OK.
Maybe that's making it worse.
Harder to see.
Oh,
so that is content that you have to focus
on.
In an African country,
you can look specifically at South Africa
because that is focused on in your study
guide,
you can speak about African countries
more generally,
but I think it would be beneficial for
you to focus on South Africa because that
is what is discussed in detail.
In the study guide,
So what we're looking at is how Western
philosophy is still dominant.
In African.
Universities, African institutions.
Higher learning institutions so.
What are the potential benefits of
Western philosophy?
What are the potential drawbacks of
making Western philosophy more prominent
in an African country than it is than is
African philosophy OK?
So that's the content.
The dominance of Western philosophy.
Your focus is on an African country and
some of the things you're going to look
at are the benefits of prioritizing
Western philosophical thought.
And the negatives or the drawbacks?
Of prioritizing Western philosophy at
philosophical thought,
but what you also need to argue is an
ethically desirable.
Is it something that can be argued for
ethically?
Should this should Western philosophy
continue to be prioritized over African
philosophy?
What are the ethical implications of that?
And then is it sustainable?
Can it continue?
Can we continue to prioritize Western
philosophy in an African context?
What are the problems that might make it
unsustainable?
What are the reasons that it might be
sustainable?
So what this question is asking you is to
think about why Western philosophy is
dominant.
Why it is a problem?
Or maybe not a problem that it is
prioritized and should it continue to be
prioritized or not?
OK.
So whenever you have a question,
try to break it down and think what what
is the content of the question.
So what is the focus of the question and
what is it asking me to do?
How am I supposed to answer this?
So you will see that this is not just
asking you.
To explain why Western philosophy is
prioritized,
it's asking you to go beyond that.
It's asking you to develop an argument.
For where you explain why you think it is
desirable or not,
and why you think it is sustainable or
not,
so you're going to go beyond just
explaining what's in the study guide in
order to develop this argument that shows
us what your opinion is.
But remember,
these are not opinion pieces,
so they need to be backed up with your
evidence.
Again, the study guide is the main source,
but you can use other any other academic
resources that help you to answer the
question.
So let's break it down.
The introduction of Western philosophy to
South Africa.
Came with sort of the colonization of
Africa.
And with the arrival of colonizers in
South Africa, so again,
I'm not going to go into this in detail.
It's in your study guide.
And this is not necessarily something you
need to explain in detail,
but it might help you to provide a little
bit of background into the question or
into your answer to say why it is not
ethically sustainable,
why it is or ethically desirable,
why it is a problem.
That Western philosophy is still
prioritized.
So when Western philosophy was brought to
South African universities and
institutions.
There was 2 main traditions that were
brought into our universities,
so the first was the Afrikaans
Continental tradition.
And in the study guide it explains that
this was found in particular universities.
The kinds of people that some of the most
influential figures in the tradition,
what sort of the philosophy focused on,
but the main point.
Is that philosophical theories that came
out of this tradition were often used to
support and justify apartheid and
discrimination,
so they were bringing philosophical
theories from Europe to South Africa and
then using those as justification for
apartheid and for discrimination.
Against the indigenous people of South
Africa.
The other main tradition was the
Anglo-Saxon tradition.
Again,
go read through your study guide to see
which universities it was founded,
who the sort of most prominent figures in
their tradition were,
and sort of what the focus of that
philosophy was.
But again,
it was also used to justify racial and
cultural discrimination when it sort of
first came to the country.
However.
In this tradition or in these
universities?
There was a movement towards social and
political resistance against apartheid,
against discrimination.
And so that can be seen sort of arising
in what were traditionally sort of more
English speaking universities. However,
you will see in the study guide that
there's also a lot of contestation.
There's a lot of critique of this idea
because it was argued that.
A lot of political resistance came out of
these universities that there were people
sort of standing up against
discrimination and against apartheid
ideologies, but very often.
In reality,
that wasn't really the situation.
It was still this ongoing discrimination,
this ongoing hierarchy in the
universities that privileged white people
that privileged Western ideologies over
African ideologies.
They're privileged.
The colonizers,
rather than making a real move towards
decolonization, towards.
Sort of going against discrimination and
going against.
The subordination of indigenous or black
people in South Africa.
So these are just the sort of main
traditions that came into South Africa.
When philosophy was first introduced into
universities.
Go read through that section.
It's not imperative.
It's not vital for your assignment,
but it can help you to sort of have the
background or the the groundwork for why
Western philosophy became so dominant in
South African philosoph philosophy
departments in the 1st place,
but also for why.
It might still be problematic K,
because if.
These traditions are still sort of the
foundation of philosophy departments
philosophy curricula today.
Are they still contributing towards?
The undermining of African knowledge
systems,
are they still contributing to
privileging Western knowledge over?
African knowledge.
Are they still perpetuating the ideas?
That came when they were first introduced
in South Africa in Africa.
Sorry, I've got a bit of a cough today.
OK.
So that's sort of just to help you have
that foundation for understanding.
OK.
Obviously,
over time there has been a lot of change
in philosophy curricula.
There's been a lot of change in
philosophy departments.
There's been a move towards trying to
bring in more African philosophy to
trying to do away with a lot of the sort
of hierarchies and the discrimination.
That was present,
but it's for you to think about.
Has this happened?
Our philosophy departments you might.
You obviously might not have a lot of.
Experience with philosophy departments,
but thinking about it,
do you think that we have made a move?
So what this has led to is that in
contemporary philosophy departments,
contemporary philosophy curriculums just
contemporary philosophy in general.
African experiences have been disregarded
in favor of Western experiences.
Western Knowledge Systems,
Western beliefs.
This means that African philosophy
remains largely marginalized or devalued.
And it's often seen as an inferior
alternative to Western philosophy.
So even where African philosophy is
offered at universities, often it is.
Is considered to be sort of and you'll
see it says this in the study guide,
like in quotes and quotes.
An exotic option rather than the main
philosophy that you study.
It's like it's sort of an alternative to
Western philosophy,
which is considered the main or
predominant philosophy.
So African philosophy remains undervalued.
It remains marginal.
It remains considered inferior to Western
philosophy.
And obviously this is tied to racist
ideas around the humanity and rationality
of Africans.
So if you are doing introduction to
African philosophy as well.
You will there learn quite a lot about
how a lot of the reason that African
philosophy is still marginalized and
devalued is because of this ongoing
colonial racist idea that African people.
Cannot use rationality.
African people cannot reason as well as
Western people as well as white people,
so this is an awful ongoing racist idea
that continues to play into the reason
that African philosophy is.
Considered marginal?
Always considered as inferior to Western
philosophy.
Obviously there's been a lot of change
around those ideas has been a lot of
progress.
Towards moving away from those ideas,
but some of the reason why African
philosophy is still not considered as
important as Western philosophy ties into.
The the ideologies associated with
African reason and rationality.
Team.
So in order for philosophy to be
liberated and to be considered.
You know as important or even or as
valuable or.
To sort of have as important a place in
philosophy as does Western philosophy.
That is argued that African philosophy
should become the lens or the framework
through which other philosophical
traditions are viewed and engaged with.
As it currently stands.
Western philosophy is considered the
framework or the the lens through which
we view African philosophy.
So we use Western philosophical
frameworks or ideas to understand Africa
and African philosophy.
And I see a very good question in the
chat, which we're going to get to.
Which we're going to think about now as
we move through these.
So it's a very good question.
OK.
So when you are answering the question,
let's just go back and look at the
question again when you're answering the
question,
you're asked to consider the potential
benefits and drawbacks or negatives of
prioritizing Western philosophical
thought in this context.
So what it's asking you to do is to think
about why it might be justifiable.
And a good thing.
To continue to prioritize Western thought.
And White might not be.
So let's look at some of the value of
Western philosophy.
So Western philosophy.
Can provide us with studying Western
philosophy like you are in this module.
Can give insights into and knowledge of
theories that are very prominent in
philosophy globally.
They can then be applied to African.
Challenges, context, realities.
Obviously,
Western philosophy is there's a lot more
access to the writings of Western
philosophy,
and that is one of the reasons it's also
become sort of more dominant is because
we have more access to the recordings of
Western philosophers,
the writings of Western philosophers.
So we can argue that.
Western philosophy gives us theories.
It gives us information.
And it gives us frameworks that we can
use and that we can apply to African
challenges.
Context live realities.
We can adapt them in order to make them
relevant to our situations, our contexts.
So that's one thing you might argue in in
favour of Western philosophy.
Another thing is that the conceptual
tools and frameworks, as I said,
are recognized.
Understood and applied globally.
So if you want to or currently as it is,
if you want to engage in philosophy on a
global level, often you need.
Well,
generally you need to have an
understanding.
Of those dominant theories and frameworks,
in order to be able to contribute to the
global philosophical discourse.
And then obviously these are also applied
to many other fields like law.
So to engage in philosophy on a global
level,
you have to have that foundational
knowledge that comes from Western
philosophy.
But we are then able to adapt that to the
African context.
So that is why you might argue that
Western philosophy is still valued.
Whether you then say that it should be
prioritized over African philosophy in an
African context is another question.
So remember when you're answering this
question.
You can say yes it is justifiable and it
is desirable to prioritize Western
philosophy and then you give reasons.
You might say no we should.
Absolutely not.
Prioritize Western philosophy and you can
give reasons or you can give a more
neutral stance where you can say.
Well,
there is value to Western philosophy.
So This is why we should still
incorporate and have a focus on Western
philosophy, but at the same time,
there must be much more focus and
prioritization of African philosophy.
So that remember there's no one correct
answer for these questions.
You need to consider what your stance is.
And then you need to develop an argument
that supports that argument.
That claim that you are making OK.
So that's what we are looking for when we
mark your work.
Have you taken a stance?
Have you made a claim? So for example,
your claim might be no.
We must get rid of Western philosophy.
This. OK. That's a very,
very strong claim,
and you'd need a very good.
Argument to support that,
but you might say no.
Get rid of Western philosophy entirely.
Be.
We then want to see that you have made a
very valid, good,
strong argument to support that claim, OK.
So we don't.
We don't.
We're not marking you on which answer you
give.
It's on how you answer the question, OK?
So when you're answering this question,
you might say this is the value of
Western philosophy.
This is why it should be prioritized.
Or this is the value of Western
philosophy, and even though it has value.
In an African context.
Or even globally,
African philosophy should be prioritized
For these reasons.
OK.
I see a lot of questions or comments
coming in,
so we'll look at them once we are
finished with this question.
So some of the suggestions that you might
consider when thinking about prioritising
African philosophy is that the ongoing
prioritization of Western philosophy.
Continues to uphold the idea that
Africans.
Aren't capable of engaging in rational
philosophical thought,
so remember that goes back to what I said
earlier.
Prioritising Western philosophy can also
lead to the neglect or distortion of
indigenous knowledge and therefore
African philosophy should be prioritized
in African context or even more globally.
You can argue whichever.
So because when we are applying.
Western knowledge to the African context,
that means that we are not always
considering indigenous knowledge.
Or knowledge or belief systems.
Or frameworks that come out of Africa.
Sometimes we just sort of adapting
African knowledge or African beliefs to
the Western framework.
So we might say that we want to
prioritize African philosophy as a way to.
Prioritize.
Indigenous knowledge as a way to make
sure that we don't neglect or distort
African beliefs.
African knowledge systems,
the knowledge and theories that are
coming out of Africa.
And of course,
I'm sure you've heard the word decolonize
before.
So the focus,
we could argue that the focus should be
on African philosophy as a way to
decolonize the curriculums and enhance
the discourse, the philosophical.
Knowledge that comes from Africa.
These are just some suggestions for what
you could include in your answer.
They are not all of them, OK.
So you are going to, as I say,
think about what your answer to that is.
Is it sustainable?
Can this continue in an African context?
Can we continue to prioritize Western
philosophy when it might not be focusing?
On African challenges, African.
Is it ethically desirable?
So here in terms of ethically desirable,
we think about ethically,
is it OK to prioritise Western philosophy
in, for example,
South Africa when it is distorting
indigenous knowledge?
Is it ethically desirable or is it OK
ethically OK to prioritise Western
philosophy?
When one of the ways it was used was to
justify discrimination,
has that changed over time?
So these are some of the things that
you're going to be thinking about when
you answer this assignment.
So these are some ideas of what you might
consider when you are coming up with your
answer.
Obviously you're all going to give us a
different answer,
and that's like the amazing thing about
philosophy, everybody.
Sort of gets.
To their own idea and their own claims
and their own arguments.
So we just want to see that you have
thought carefully about.
Those how you feel about those if it's
ethically justifiable and if it's
sustainable.
So some things you could think about,
I think we won't focus on it too much now
because of time,
but you might think about how would you
define African philosophy?
Do you think that African philosophy is
prioritised in universities?
And obviously again your first year,
first semester some of you have done
philosophy,
maybe at other institutions before you
moved to UNICEF.
But from the little but you know,
do you think African philosophy is
prioritized?
Should African philosophy department or
should philosophy departments in Africa
focus on Western philosophy or should
they focus more on African philosophy?
Should Western philosophy be sort of the
alternative and African philosophy be the
main?
Philosophical framework.
The main philosophical discourse.
In the departments and how can African
philosophy contribute to improving social
political economic conditions in Africa?
In South Africa,
if you wanted to be more specific.
OK.
So those that's a bit of the content that
you will need in order to answer question
one,
let me look quickly at the chat in the if
you have any questions.
Please ask them.
You can put your hand up or you can ask
him in the chat.
OK. So our first comment says,
don't you think in a way Western
philosophy will forever be dominant
considering at the foundation of
philosophy was founded by colonizers and
we have adopted and lived the way of the
West,
it would be considerably hard to actually
know and establish African.
Philosophy,
unless we dig into the history books,
which would take time to find out the
truth of African philosophy.
That is a very good point,
and that's something that you can
consider.
While you are doing your assignment.
So.
A lot of the argument is also that.
Even people doing African philosophy have
been trained in Western philosophy.
So many,
even prominent African philosophers were
trained in institutions.
That only taught Western philosophy,
so there's always that argument that even
prominent African philosophers are
influenced by Western philosophy.
So that's a very important point.
It's a very good point.
And of course,
the some of the challenge that we find
with African philosophy is that a lot of
it was passed down through oral
traditions rather than through writing.
And so that's one of the reasons that
African philosophies,
the history of African philosophy,
can be a bit more.
Difficult to dig into because there
aren't the written records that there are
for Western philosophy.
However,
there is a lot of work being done.
In Africa.
Philosophy.
To go back into looking into indigenous
knowledge systems into developing African
philosophy.
That.
Goes back to some pre colonial ideas,
some pre colonial beliefs and of course
again even that is tricky because we know
that colonialism impacted upon.
Cultures and beliefs and traditions so
immensely.
But this is getting to a much more
complex discussion, but very,
very interesting one.
And that is a very good comment.
So thank you very much.
I think that's something that everybody
should kind of think about.
Is it possible?
To move away from.
Or or to sort of not rely on Western
philosophy, at least at this stage.
Is it possible to only look at African
philosophy?
Because if we think about things like
epistemology, metaphysics, ontology,
a lot of those ideas.
Most of those sort of frameworks or
theories stem from Western philosophy,
or at least we learn them through a
western philosophical lens,
because that's what we have written
records of.
So there are many arguments about that.
But again, we won't go into that.
But can we even do African philosophy,
let's say,
without having that foundation that we
gain from Western philosophy?
So that's something for you to think
about very carefully.
OK.
Oh yes.
And then the next comment.
Western philosophy did dilute African
culture.
Yes, absolutely.
The the arrival of colonizers diluted and
distorted and impacted so greatly upon
African culture.
And so it's also even difficult to know
now what traditions, beliefs,
cultures were like pre colonial.
Again,
because a lot of it has been handed down
orally.
And over time, so a lot of it has changed.
I'm just gonna mute everybody.
Somebody's mark is on.
Yeah.
I do see your. I did see your hand up,
but I see it's down now.
Sorry, let me just go back here.
If you argue that it's not ethically
desirable for Western philosophy to
maintain its dominance,
are you meant to argue that it's rather
ethically desirable that African
philosophy is dominant,
or that neither should be?
You can't, yes.
So again,
you can say that neither should be
dominant,
that there should be a balance between
Western philosophy and African philosophy.
You can absolutely argue that you don't
have to say just because you say Western
philosophy shouldn't be dominant.
African philosophy,
should you do not have to say that you
can.
But you can say African philosophy and
Western philosophy.
Should both be valued.
There should be a balance between them
because both of them bring value to the
philosophy departments to philosophy
discourse.
Both of them have important knowledge.
That can be imparted. OK,
so I hope that answers the question.
Question one.
Can only use the study guide for
reference.
You can only use the study guide if you
find the information in there is all that
you need in order to answer the question.
So remember.
The study guide is your main source.
So you must reference the study guide if
you want to look for other sources,
because you need more information.
Than you are.
You can do that,
but if you find for this assignment that
the study guide is all you need,
then you can just focus on the study
guide for assessment two.
You will need to look at other sources
and include evidence from other sources
as well.
OK, how can you reference me?
You can reference the recording if you
want to,
but also remember a lot of these ideas
come from the study guide.
And if you do research,
you will also find a lot of these ideas
in the research, OK?
So these are my necessary my ideas.
They are ideas that you will also find in
in research,
but you can reference the recording if
you like.
Can you argue that Western philosophy
taught on the African continent has been
influenced by African culture?
Given given the forces amalgamation of
indigenous with the colonizers?
Yes, absolutely.
So if you want to argue that Western
philosophy has been when it was brought
to the African continent,
it was influenced by African culture.
It has been influenced by indigenous
knowledge systems or African knowledge
and beliefs.
You can argue that that's a very
interesting point as well.
So remember again.
You can develop any argument that you
feel answers those questions,
or any that does answer those questions.
As long as you show how you got to that
argument.
As long as you've got the reference
evidence in there to support your claim.
S.
Can I reference a YouTube video?
You can reference a YouTube video.
Just make sure that it is a credible
source.
So there are for example,
some that are done by professors.
In philosophy,
there are some that are done by.
Sort of learning institution.
So make sure it's those OK.
Can we agree African philosophy should be
dominant in African communities and not
all over the world?
Again, yes, you can do that.
Because again,
if we're saying we're looking at
challenges in, let's say, for example,
Ukraine, because they, you know,
in a war at the moment.
The information the knowledge from Africa,
maybe we could say is not really relevant
to their context.
Theirs is more sort of Eastern European
philosophy or European philosophy is more
relevant to them.
So you might say that in Africa,
African philosophy.
Should.
Dominant but not everywhere.
OK.
Some really, really good points here.
Yes.
So another very good point here from
Allison at the end.
African philosophy existed before Western
philosophy,
but there's no written record of it.
Very, very good point.
OK.
Let me just I'm not going to go through
everything because we're running out of
time already.
Do we have to have a bibliography?
Three, yes, absolutely.
In text referencing and bibliography,
is it OK to paraphrase information from
AI? No.
Reference AI no, OK.
The university has a strict policy
against using AI.
You can use AI maybe to give you an idea
of how you want to structure your answer,
what you want to include.
But AI is very unreliable.
Still so often it will give you very
vague information.
Sometimes it gives you incorrect
information.
So there are many, many,
many sources that you can use.
So please don't rely on AI.
It's like Wikipedia.
You can use it as a starting point to
give you if you don't know anything about
the topic, you can use it as an idea.
Of sort of help you get an idea of the
topic to help you sort of get your mind
around it,
to think about how to structure your
assignment.
But you should not be actually taking
information from an AR source, OK?
So be very, very careful of that.
And for example, in assignment two,
when you use turnitin.
It picks up if you've used AI OK.
So it's very it's a contentious topic,
but please rather look for good
information.
Anything that you find on an AR source is
going to be in a credible source.
So my suggestion is also you can start
with the AR to get an idea,
but go look for those credible sources.
That then help you to back up that
information.
And make sure you're referencing the
credible sources, OK.
You can if you if you OK.
It's no OK.
It's very tricky and it's beyond the
scope of this meeting,
so I'll just leave it at that for now, OK.
Yes, that's what I'm saying.
Is that you can use AI as a way to help
you start off your understanding,
but it's not the information you should
not be actually using that information in
your work.
You use it to give you a general first
idea of what the topic is about,
so you can.
It's the same as Wikipedia.
You cannot reference Wikipedia in.
Academic work. It's not academic.
Anybody can write anything on there,
but you can go read Wikipedia to get an
idea of what the topic is about and then
go look at the sources that Wikipedia
gives you and go find those sources.
You can use AI to give you an idea to
help you think about how to structure
your answer.
What kind of point you might include,
but then when you're referencing in your
work,
the work you include as referenced
evidence needs to come from academic
sources.
If you do use AI to help you brainstorm
to help you develop a structure,
you can give credit to the AI source that
you use, but it is very.
It is a tricky situation right now,
so I would suggest avoid AI as much as
possible.
Just because what ends up happening is
people submit fully AR answers,
and then you're going to get 0OK if you
submit an answer that has been generated
by AI, you will get 0.
Somebody's mic is on, I think.
Let me just check again.
I keep muting them all,
but people obviously keep unmuting
themselves.
Beverly, your hand is up.
You can unmute yourself.
Beverly.
Yes, you can use AI as a planning tool.
OK, Beverly.
Was it an accidental hand? OK.
We are running out of time.
We still have a lot to do,
so let's continue, but very good points.
OK.
I've mentioned the declaration letter so
many times, there is a button,
a block that you click when you open the
assignment.
That.
Says that you declare honesty blah blah.
You click that,
but that little block it won't let you
submit the assignments until you click
that block.
That is your honesty declaration,
so you don't need to include an actual
letter in the assignment.
OK.
So let's move on to the next question
because this one is a bit trickier,
and yet we're running out of time.
So let's get to this quickly.
So this question says,
drawing on the knowledge you have gained
about metaphysics,
which means obviously you first need to
go and get an understanding of metaph
what metaphysics is.
Explain why the Elysian philosophers
should be called metaphysicians.
You can refer to unit two of the study
guide.
So again,
this is asking you about metaphysics,
and it's asking you about the malesian
philosophers.
So the pre Socratic philosophers and it
needs you to explain.
Why?
It could be said that malesian
philosophers fell under the bracket of
metaphysics,
while the philosophy they did could be
considered metaphysics.
So in order to answer this question.
You first need to.
Explain what metaphysics is.
You first need to understand what
metaphysics is so.
Just as a note for this question,
you will need to look at Pages 8 to 10 of
the study guide because that tells you a
little bit about epistemology and
metaphysics.
But you will probably need to go do your
own bit of research about metaphysics for
this question.
But page 8 to 10 of the study guide.
And then the information about the
Malaysian philosophers is on page 23 to
31.
So that's the focus for of the study
guide for this question. For question one,
I didn't mention this then 12 pages 12 to
21 are where you should focus your
attention.
For question one, OK.
So there's a hand up Luanda.
Yeah. Sorry, ma'am.
I just missed the second set of pages for
mesophysics.
OK.
So it's pages 8 to 10.
And pages 23 to 31.
OK.
Thank you.
It's a pleasure.
OK,
so to define metaphysics is quite tricky.
There's no single definition of
metaphysics, and it's changed over time.
So what might have been considered
metaphysics at one point?
So sort of.
During the ancient Greek philosoph
philosophers time,
it sort of changed somewhat.
Some of it is the same.
There's been sort of additional ideas of
what constitutes metaphysics or what
falls under metaphysics.
So it has changed over time.
So this is 1 aspect of this question that
might be a little bit tricky for you,
but let's look at some of the definitions
that we can find through doing a bit of
research on the Internet so metaphysics
can generally most generally it's
understood as OK, I hope.
You can hear me.
There's a weed eater that's really loud
outside.
It's generally understood as the branch
of philosophy that examines the
fundamental nature of reality.
There's another hand.
Arpa C is a question for now.
Oh, OK.
I'm going to come back to questions at
the end.
OK.
So let's just get through this and then
we'll deal with questions at the end.
So it's generally the branch of
philosophy that examines fundamental
nature of reality.
So what do we understand by reality?
What sort of things are real?
What do we know about what's real?
So other definitions that might make this
a bit clearer for you are it's the study
of the nature of reality or of what sort
of things are real,
but seeks to understand basic criteria or
first principles for determining what
sort of things are real.
So it can address topics such as space
and time.
Time determinism and free will,
God minded matter,
identity and change and more so you can
see it's very broad metaphysics and we
know it incorporates.
Other branches of philosophy.
Another definition says it is the science
that studies being as such,
or the first causes of things.
So now some of these things I've
highlighted will be important for this
question.
Or things that do not change.
The final one I've got here is it's a
division of philosophy that is concerned
with the fundamental nature of reality
and being.
It includes ontology,
cosmology and often epistemology.
It's a study of what is outside objective
experience, so it's trying to understand.
What? What constitutes reality?
What things are real?
What makes up those things that are real?
What are the sort of substances that we
can understand for things that are real,
OK.
So what makes up our reality?
And very importantly,
here is to take note of things like the
first causes of things,
because as we are going to see,
that is the focus of Malaysian philosophy
was trying to understand the causes of
things.
So what is it that causes something to be
something to exist?
How do we understand the world that we
are living in? How do we understand?
The things around us.
How how do we understand the fundamental
nature?
So what is it that gives things the
fundamental nature?
What?
What is the substance that makes things
real or gives us our nature?
Gives us reality.
So go and do some research on metaphysics.
And there are also lots of videos that
you can watch.
That will help you, OK.
I've included some suggested sources at
the towards the end of the slides that
you can use also to help you. OK,
we are definitely going to go over time
here, so I hope that's OK with everybody.
Obviously,
if you need to leave then you're welcome
to leave.
Hey, catch up on the recording.
Next week's class will be short.
Because just one question.
OK.
So an overview of the Malaysian.
They called sort of the Ironian school or
the museum because it from they were from
Malaysia.
And that was part of Ancient Greece.
It would actually be part of Turkey now,
but that's not so important for you to
know now.
So the the main thing that the Malaysians
were doing was trying to move away from
myth and superstition.
So there were many mythological
understandings of the nature of the world
and of things that we experienced.
They experienced in the world a lot of
their understanding of those stem from
myth, from superstition,
from ideas around the gods.
So the Malaysians were trying to move
away from that to have a more rational
understanding.
Of what they were experiencing or the
things they could observe,
the patterns they could observe that were
happening around them in the world.
So, for example,
myth had been used to explain many
natural phenomena. Let's say,
for example Thunder.
Mythologically or during those times it
might have been explained that Thunder
was caused by God's the various gods
anger.
OK.
So that's where Thunder might have come
from.
They had many gods to explain the
different natural phenomena.
So the Malaysians wanted to have these
more rational moving towards scientific
understandings of an explanations for
national natural phenomena.
So for example,
they could see that there was these
patterns like the tides coming in and out.
So they didn't.
They thought that there was rational
explanations for why the tides came in
and out.
Out,
rather than saying that it was because of
the gods or some other,
some other kind of superstitious reason
or mythological reason that the tides
moved in and out,
they wanted to have a more rational
understanding of that.
You know,
they might have also seen the crops grew
at certain times of the year where in
mythologically that might have been that
would have been attributed to one of the
gods, you know,
blessing the harvest and the crops
sprouting during that time.
The Malaysian philosophers wanted to
understand what is it?
About nature or these phenomena that
causes the crops to arise at that time.
So they wanted to develop a more rational
understanding.
So the fundamental question that the
Malaysians asked is what is the first
governing principle of the world by which
chaos.
Is turned into Cosmos or intelligible
matter.
So what is the the thing that underlies?
What is the substance that underlies
everything that gives it?
That gives patterns that contribute to it
being understandable?
So going from sort of just seeing all
these wild, random, unintelligible,
chaotic aspects of nature of natural
phenomena, all these while, you know,
unformed things happening around us in
the natural world.
What is the thing that governs that?
That gives an order that makes it
intelligible that forms it,
that brings it together.
So that is what they were trying to
understand.
So they wanted to understand what it was
that governed observable patterns or from
which natural phenomena and consequently
nature of being emerged.
So they wanted to understand what was the
underlying substance.
That led to or governed observable
patterns or that led.
Two natural phenomena that they could
observe,
so they get sought to gain a deeper
understanding of the fundamental nature
of reality.
And so again,
they wanted to look at sort of this
objective thing that was outside of what
they could experience.
So what was it that underlay or
underpinned all of these phenomena that
they could see?
And they were generally monists,
which means that they believe all of
reality.
Is composed of one single unifying
substance.
So we might think that these ideas.
Are sort of silly now,
or ludicrous when we look at the ideas
that they came up with.
But we must think about the time at which
they were developing these ideas.
So like I said,
a lot of the understanding of the natural
world of the reality was based on myth on.
Sort of.
Of thinking that the gods produced the
phenomena,
they saw that the gods controlled all the
natural phenomena that they could see
happening around them.
And that Malaysians wanted to develop
this more rational idea.
But it was at a time when not like now.
And we have scientific explanations for a
lot of what we experience.
They didn't have those scientific
explanations.
So when we look at their ideas now,
with the knowledge that we have.
Now we might think they silly,
but we must think about how important.
These kind of rational inquiries or these
inquiries towards a more rational
explanation,
were at the time and how they helped move
knowledge forward and helped to
contribute to sort of scientific inquiry
to the development of the scientific
method.
To developing these objective
understandings.
Of reality of how things work,
of what causes the things that we can see
happening around us,
or that we can experience.
So instead of just our subjective
experiences that we as an individual
experience,
what is it that lays the foundation?
What is the foundation of these things
that everybody experiences?
In their own way.
But what causes these phenomena?
What causes this reality?
Or this the natural world around us?
So keep that in mind while you're working
through the Malaysians because as I say
to us,
it now seems a bit silly these ideas,
but at the time this was, you know,
a huge sort of leap in trying to
understand the world and trying to
understand reality and.
To have a better grasp of the nature of
reality, OK?
So the first one,
the first Malaysian we'll get is Thais.
He was a mathematician and an astronomer,
and he wanted to discover and explain the
origins,
the material origins of life in the world.
So he's had made observations of living
things around him,
and he noted that living things were
either comprised of water or humidity,
or they needed water or weakness to
survive and to thrive.
He also, by looking at all of these,
the living things around him noted.
Dying so things living,
things that were dying or dead or
inanimate objects, say let's say.
What Mark David had a cloth.
They were.
They either were dry or they became dry.
And again,
it'll explain to you in the study guide
that at the time they were in a very dry
desert like conditions.
So water was considered so important it
was considered sort of the thing that
gave life.
So when Thadis was looking at things
around him that were living, he was like,
OK,
they either are made-up of water or
they're humid.
Or they need water.
Or some kind of wetness in order to
survive.
So because of these observations he made
about the importance of water.
He determined that water was the
underlying first principle.
So he thought that water was what life
originated from.
From so he thought that water was the
thing that led to the existence of
everything that was living in the world.
OK.
So the material origin of life and the
world he thought was water.
So water formed the foundation of every
living thing he believed.
And of the world in general. And so,
for example,
he went so far as to think that the Earth
rested upon water, so he.
Thought that where earthquakes
mythologically were considered to be the
anger of the gods,
he thought that earthquakes were the
result of water rocking beneath the Earth.
So he thought the earth was on this body
of water,
and that when the water moved and shook
the earth would rock on top of it.
And that is what an earthquake was. Again,
we can see that, obviously,
scientifically.
We have been geologically,
we've moved far beyond that understanding.
But we do know that.
But at the time,
this was sort of a revolutionary idea, OK.
So for Thales,
the one single unifying substance.
So the single unifying substance that all
reality is composed of for thalese was
water because of the necessity of water
for living things.
OK.
And then the other natural phenomena
could be explained again by water.
So there are some examples in the study
guide that you can go look at the.
Also if you go look online,
you can find other examples,
but for example it was water sprouting
from a spring water rocking the earth,
creating earthquakes etc. OK.
Anax Amanda is the second one.
We'll look at so he.
Went against dailies because remember,
dailies now thought that Earth sat on top
of water and anax.
Amanda was actually quite ahead of his
time.
Because he thought that there's nothing
under the Earth supporting it.
He thought that it floats in the centre
of the universe and that what keeps it
floating in the centre of universe is
that it's equal distance from.
Other worlds other.
Other.
On my way, I'm just gonna set obstacles.
That's not the word.
Other objects in the universe,
so he thought that it was at an equal
distance from other objects which might
have been other worlds.
And because of that sort of force on the
earth from those other worlds or objects,
that's what supported that.
What kept the earth floating in the
universe?
And I mean,
that was such a revolutionary idea.
And it's, you know,
definitely sort of starting to work
towards sort of.
Ideas of gravity and all of that?
But at the time it sort of just.
Kept it simple.
He also thought that the Earth was sort
of a long tube and that the inhabitable
earth was almost like a plate on top of
the tube.
So again,
you know not a full understanding of.
The earth, obviously,
but a big leap in what was understood
about the Earth or the thinking about the
universe and the earth.
So Anax, Amanda didn't think that water.
That was the stylist was his teacher.
But he didn't think that water was that
what Earth originated from,
or that everything originated on from.
Heath thought it was the a pyron,
so the apparent could be understand as
infinite unlimited indefinite.
So you didn't think it was one particular
element?
Instead,
he thought it was the a pyron which was
which he thought was this boundless.
So just forever reaching expands of
infinitely different substances.
So he thought there was this.
The universe was just this expanse.
Of substances that could never be
finished would never end.
So, you know,
like an infinite number and kind of
substances that could not be created or
destroyed.
And he thought that everything grew out
of the apyron.
So, I mean,
we know the universe is sort of infinite
and expansive. For him it was.
Had all these substances and in the world
or earth would come,
would be a coming together of those
substances,
that's how the earth would grow out of
the appyron.
So he thought that the earth that he
inhabited was not.
The only earth and he didn't think our
world would always exist.
He didn't think it had always existed
because there was a number.
Of worlds that would.
Come to exist and then would not always
exist and they would grow out of the
sapyron.
So he thought the earth grew out of the
appyron and that it wouldn't always exist.
And that other worlds would then grow out
of the apyra.
And interestingly,
he also started to think about evolution.
So he thought that the life that he could
observe so the plants, animals, humans,
etc.
Must have originated from other life
forms.
So he said that the first life forms must
have originated in wetter environments
and then evolved into what he what
existed during his time,
what he could observe and for example,
he thought that humans evolved from fish.
So again,
very revolutionary ideas for the time
where everything was attributed to the
gods or myth or superstition.
He started to have these more sort of
scientific understandings of reality,
of the nature of reality.
And this movement towards a sort of
scientific view of the world.
And then finally, was annex Aminis.
He thought a was the single substance.
So where we had failies thought it was
water and axaminis thought it was air.
And he thought that constituted all
things.
So he said that the change of one thing
into another,
so the change of anything into something
else.
Is simply an indication of a change in
the density of a.
So for example, he thought that a.
When it condensed,
it formed clouds and that led to rain.
So a change in the density of air results
in water,
and again there are some other examples.
So a lot of these ideas that the
Malaysians gave.
Were not fully explained and you know can
be quite difficult to grasp because they
didn't give full explanations,
so not exactly clear why he thought it
was air or how.
You know, air led to everything.
That exists in reality,
but that was the sort of 1 unifying
substance that exists.
Thought was what constituted all things
that existed in reality.
OK,
so for this question you need to have
sort of an understanding of those of the
these three malesions.
You don't need to at this time.
Look at Pomenetis or Heracles.
Just these three malesions.
But then you need to think about, OK.
What is it about the kinds of philosoph
philosophical thought that the malesians
had that ties back into metaphysics?
So let's look at this again.
So if we think about the kinds of
philosophy that they would take that they
were engaged in, they were thinking about.
First principles.
So while they think about what is real,
what is the fundamental nature of reality?
Very importantly,
sort of the first causes of things or.
The the governing principles of things.
It involved things like.
Epistemology and ontology,
which are obviously like what we know and
how we know. So. So what,
what exists in the world.
And how do we know about what exists and
also things like cosmology?
If you think about how they, for example,
an exam thought about how.
Earth fits into the bigger universe,
so he thought that Earth fits into this
bigger universe and Earth grew from this
bigger universe and it existed in a
universe with other worlds.
So that's a kind of a cosmology,
and they were also trying to think of
what is outside of objective experience.
So what is it that we can explain?
How can we explain?
Reality or what is real or or what we
experience and observe.
How can we explain that on a much sort of
bigger level?
How can we explain what is at the core?
What is fundamental to things that are
real,
and obviously a lot of this has changed
over time from the Malaysians.
We don't have necessarily the same
understandings.
We don't think that.
All of life springs from water.
Necessarily,
we also know that not everything is made
just from air.
So some of that has changed.
We know more about sort of the Earth and
why it floats and what the earth is
comprised of.
Think about these elements of metaphysics
and how they tie into what the Malaysians.
Were looking at in their philosophical
inquiries. OK, the origin of the world.
What? What is the foundation of reality?
What?
What were the substances that things were
made of that made things real?
So for this question you need to 1st
think about what is metaphysics.
Then you need to think about.
You need to give an explanation of what
the Malaysians.
Their their ideas.
And then you need to bring that together
to say based on these understandings of
metaphysics and these aspects of malesian
thought.
This is why the MALESIANS could be
considered metaphysicians.
This is why males and philosophical
inquiry could be considered metaphysical.
OK, so I hope that makes sense.
So some things again you can think about
this might come in later,
but do you agree with any of the malesion
philosophers ideas?
Does it show an important step in the
development of philosophical thinking and
also scientific thinking?
And what aspects of metaphysics are
evidence in malesian inquiries?
OK so.
That's sort of to help you with that
question.
And I know again that it can be quite
tricky to understand,
especially because it is very different
from our understandings of nature and
reality now.
So again,
please use any resources that are
available to you.
Again,
I'll show you some sources that are quite
useful, like some good YouTube videos.
Some.
Websites that give sort of more
simplistic or.
More.
Or maybe even more detailed explanations
that you can use to help you. OK,
so let me just look at the chat quickly.
If you write more than 300 words,
Please remember to make sure that
everything you have included is necessary.
Um,
you can go a little bit over 300 words,
but if it's too much over then it's
likely that you've included too much
information.
Only focus on the most important
information.
OK so.
For this question says,
should we use a meaning that's five or
ten years recent?
I assume you mean for the definition for
metaphysics, so.
In philosophy, well in most studies.
Sorry,
in most studies we would say used
information that is recent.
However,
we must remember that philosophy stems
back.
Well,
you know this sort of philosophy we're
looking at stems back like over 2000
years.
So you're not always going to be using
very recent sources.
You will at times be using very old
sources.
So when you look up definitions or
information,
you can see if there's more recent ones,
but it's also not a huge issue in
philosophy if you use older sources.
OK.
Obviously if it's about things that are
this is about ancient Greek philosophy.
So you you would still look for more
recent information because new ideas come
along and new interpretations,
but it's not.
100% necessary to use newer sources.
So you can use older sources as well.
If you're doing something like about AI
ethics,
you obviously want to look at new sources,
because AI is changing all of the time.
But when looking at things like ancient
Greek philosophy,
if you're looking for definitions of
metaphysics,
you might find sources that are from sort
of 2000, 2005, whatever. That's fine.
That's not an issue in philosophy, OK?
There isn't much information about Salis
compared to an ex Amanda and Anis.
That's quite interesting 'cause.
I actually found quite a lot about daleys.
So again though, remember,
you don't have to go into a whole lot of
detail.
It's only 300 words,
so just make sure that you have the main
focus that ties into this question.
So when you research these.
Malesions, you'll see.
There's a lot of information about other
kinds of.
Philosophical inquiry that they did other
things that they looked at related to,
for example.
I think there's an ex.
Amanda talks about the sun and the moon
as disks of fire.
So some of that is not necessarily
relevant to this discussion or to your
answer.
So remember to focus on for now what is
most important to helping you answer this
question about how the MALESIONS could be
considered to have been doing.
Metaphysics.
So just try and find information that's
most relevant for this purpose, OK.
It's great that you're doing research and
that you're seeing you're finding
information fantastic.
But remember,
when you're writing up your answers to
make sure that that's what you focus on.
Anyone have an idea how?
Especially the bibliography and our study
guide.
The bibliography is there as a
bibliography for the information that's
included in the study guide and also for
you to.
You can go look use those references to
look up.
But you don't need to reference the
bibliography from the study guide in your
work,
unless you've used one of those sources.
So if you're using the study guide as
your source,
you reference the study guide. OK,
so I hope that answers your question.
The only time you would need to worry
about the references in the bibliography
is if you used any of those sources that
you had found in the bibliography.
I won't get into technical referencing
now,
so just focus on if you've used the study
guide, reference the study guide.
That's all we want to see.
Oh yeah, that's another very good point,
guys.
I'm ladies and gentlemen and everybody.
I'm so excited to see how the excellent
thoughts that are coming up in this
discussion or in the chat section and the
thoughts that you've been putting into
these topics, very,
very exciting for me and.
Yeah, wonderful to see.
So thank you for you know the thoughts
that you've contributed and the ideas
that you are coming out of here.
It's quite hypocrit.
This is the chat. It says favourites.
It's quite hypocritical because the
reason why we now rely on Western
philosophy is because Westerners thought
Africans were incapable of reasoning in a
critical way.
Meanwhile,
their ancestors believed in myths and
Folklore's, just like early Africans did.
Absolutely, 100%.
So it is hypocritical and I mean just
continue to believe in myth and
superstition and all of that.
Just a very, very, very good point.
But I'm very impressed by the ideas that
I'm seeing come out in this chat.
So simple, Kazi says.
Did they contribute to the early
discovery of science,
Thais and the others?
So yes, so meta physicians did contribute.
And sorry, Tabili replied and said yes.
Meta physicians were pioneers of the
scientific method.
They sought to understand the fundamental
nature of reality through reason,
observation and systematic inquiry.
Excellent, great response.
Yes. So the the purpose of the discussion,
these are to help you to approach this
assignment.
Specifically,
this is some of the content you should
sort of be considering when you're doing
your assignment,
but obviously there to help you
understand the units as well.
But more specifically for today,
like I mentioned at the outset,
the focus is on helping you with the
assignment questions.
Um.
Tabela that is an excellent question.
What role did ancient knowledge systems
and esoteric traditions,
including secret societies,
play in shaping the emergence of profound
metaphysical philosophical inquiry?
In particular,
how did figures such as Pythagoras who
made significant contributions to
philosophy and science while also being
deeply engaged in mysticism,
influenced the development of
intellectual thought during this period?
That's an excellent question.
And I think one that we won't get into
today because of time,
but next week we'll focus on question
three of the assessment.
But in the following weeks,
we'll look at Unit 1 in more detail.
And I think that is something we can go
into in more detail.
Then OK.
I don't want to go too far off the topic
just because the focus is for the
assessment,
but that is a fantastic question that we
will look at more deeply in another.
Session.
So thank you for that.
I will make a note of it so that we can
discuss it in another session and it'll
be interesting to hear what you think as
well.
So everybody can sort of think about that
question when they are finished their
assignments and less stressed.
If I use a reference website for my
bibliography be highlighted.
Since I use the website now,
that's fine to be honest.
The bibliography is not always
necessarily included.
When we check plagiarism,
because so often the references come up
as plagiarized,
no matter whether you talk them into the
document yourself or not,
and the bibliography because they've been
referenced elsewhere.
OK.
So if you want to use a referencing tool
that is absolutely fine.
Just make sure that you're referencing.
Is it's all consistent.
Your if you,
if you know how to use the referencing
tools,
you are absolutely welcome to use them.
Just remember we use Harvard, but yeah,
you're absolutely welcome to use a
referencing tool if that is what you want
to do.
No issue with that at all.
OK, there was.
I see two hands, but I think 1 is.
A legacy. Luanda is yours,
just up from earlier.
Or do you have another question?
OK, another hand has suddenly gone down.
So I assume that was an accidental hand.
OK.
So here are do you have any questions? OK.
I don't want to take much more of your
time and I do have another class, Nana.
So are there anything?
Are there any questions that are
absolutely pressing right now?
Just while you're thinking about it,
one thing I want to mention is we've been
getting some emails asking how many
points of information need to be included
in your answer for the 15 marks.
Remember, we're not looking for.
You don't have to list 15 points in order
to get 15 marks.
What we're looking for is,
have you explained the theory?
Accurately and clearly.
Let's say for question one,
have you developed a claim that you've
been developed an argument to support?
So have you said yes? No.
Balanced view,
whatever and have you supported that
argument and have you included your in
text referencing in a bibliography?
OK.
So it's very difficult in a subject like
this to say you need to include this many
points because everybody will answer the
question differently.
Differently,
So what we want to see is do have you
shown an understanding of the content of
the theory?
And then have you developed a clear
answer?
So for example, with the second question,
have you made the link between the
definitions or understandings of
metaphysics and the lesions?
Has that come across clearly?
So have you explained what metaphysics is?
Have you explained what the malesions
were?
What kind of philosophical inquiry?
They were engaged in?
And have you then made that link between
them?
And then for the last question is about
Plato's theory of forms and virtue.
So again, we'll want to see.
Have you explained the theory clearly?
Have you developed a claim?
Have you included your referencing?
Is it clear?
Have you shown an understanding?
So that's what we'll be looking for.
OK.
And we know at the stage that you know
you're you're new to referencing probably.
So do your best with the referencing.
We will be lenient if it's not exactly
right.
If we see you've made an effort with the
referencing,
that's what we're concerned about, OK?
Leander is it a hand for now or is it a
hand from earlier?
Zahan from now.
Oh yes.
So your question might be a little
pessimistic,
but given that we've taken philosophy now
in the first semester,
can we then discontinue from second
semester or is this a module that we have
to take throughout the year?
This is only SMS to module.
OK.
Thank you.
I know.
I'm already losing people.
Yeah, this is a simista module.
Give it a chance.
I've had somebody else as the e-mail
about how to change modules.
But I know philosophy can be tricky.
When you first start. I really do.
But give it a go.
Give it a chance.
Let's see how the semester goes.
And remember this very there's different
kinds of philosophies.
So you can also do this a module in
African philosophy.
In first year,
as you go on these different modules so
yeah,
but this is mixed to module so you don't
have to do do it next year next OK.
So these are some sources that are quite
useful.
And the Stanford Encyclopedia philosophy
is always useful, but it can be.
Sometimes the articles are quite complex,
but it's a good source.
The incident encyclopedia philosophy,
also a very good source.
For this.
I also used Britannica.
And the for information about failures
and an ex. Amanda.
The site was really nice.
Famous scientist.
It broke down a lot of the work that they
did. The studies they did,
and then some videos.
This crash course.
This was crash course history of science,
but the crash course philosophy do some
very nice videos that help to breakdown
complex philosophical concepts.
So go look for the that Channel.
This also was an A nice video,
metaphysics and philosophy explained.
Here was another one pre socratics part
one.
Sorry I didn't write down the IT was
doctor, somebody, explains. Dr.
Dave explains something like that.
But yeah,
so use whatever resources you have
available to you.
Like I said, you know, go read Wikipedia.
Go look at YouTube videos,
use websites that make things less
complex because philosophy is complex,
it is challenging.
And a lot of ideas that you've probably
never sort of encountered before in ways
of thinking that you might not have,
you know, sort of engaged with before.
So don't be hard on yourself either.
If you're not understanding it straight
away.
Please do not.
I think that is going to be the general
experiences most people are going to be
struggling to understand this.
So the first time they read it,
so give yourself a chance.
Don't be hard on yourself.
Just work through it systematically, OK?
And I hope this video helped.
This lesson helped,
and obviously any questions,
please e-mail.
Please send you can send messages on the
platform.
Yeah.
If you're not on the WhatsApp group,
there is the link to join the WhatsApp
group that are sent out.
Thank you.
To I can't remember her name of the top
of my head.
I'm so sorry, kikana.
Who's been?
Who's the admin of the group?
Yeah, R kikana,
you're doing a lot of hard work on that
group.
So thank you.
Yes. So please, yeah.
And I'm just thank you again for engaging
today.
You I can really see that a lot of you
are putting thoughts into this.
Very interesting ideas already coming out.
I can't wait to see what else you know.
You come up with as the semester goes on
and to reading these assignments,
it's giving me a lot of hope for the
semester and for the work you're going to
do and very,
very exciting for me to see first.
Year first semester you are really coming
up with such amazing ideas.
So please reach out if you need anything
and then otherwise I will meet you again.
Same time next week, 10:00 next Wednesday.
I promise to keep it a bit shorter.
So that we can just look at question
three and then any like final concerns
that you have for assessment one before
you submit it on the Thursday?
All right.
Well,
I hope you all have an amazing afternoon
and good luck with writing up your
assignment again.
Please don't panic.
Just work through it systematically.
Just jot down your ideas and then try and
form them into.
A clear argument or clear discussion.
Use whatever resources you need to and
reach out to us if you need help.
But thank you again and I will see you
next week. Hey bye everyone.
Oh de Shamar, see I see your hand.
Is it a hand?
Did you have a question?
Or an accidental hand.